feat(options): user can set the  dockerComposeOptions into the orechestrato.json config file (#21)
0xIslamTaha/orchestrator: readme.md

* With your configuration file
```bash
npx orchestrator --config "/path/to/orchestrator.json"
```

> * You can **overwrite** any configuration param on the fly, simpelly path the new configuration as a prameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can **overwrite** any configuration param on the fly, simply pass the new configuration as a parameter.
```
